[Music]
[Music] also son of man
also son of man
also son of man take a clay tablet and lay it before you
take a clay tablet and lay it before you
take a clay tablet and lay it before you and portray on it a city Jerusalem lay
and portray on it a city Jerusalem lay
and portray on it a city Jerusalem lay siege against it build a siege wall
siege against it build a siege wall
siege against it build a siege wall against it and he pop a mound against it
against it and he pop a mound against it
against it and he pop a mound against it set camps against it also and place
set camps against it also and place
set camps against it also and place battering rams against it all around
battering rams against it all around
battering rams against it all around moreover take for yourself an island
moreover take for yourself an island
moreover take for yourself an island plate and set it as an iron wall between
plate and set it as an iron wall between
plate and set it as an iron wall between you and the city set your face against
you and the city set your face against
you and the city set your face against it and it shall be besieged and you
it and it shall be besieged and you
it and it shall be besieged and you shall lay siege against it this will be
shall lay siege against it this will be
shall lay siege against it this will be a sign to the house of Israel lie also
a sign to the house of Israel lie also
a sign to the house of Israel lie also on your left side and lay the iniquity
on your left side and lay the iniquity
on your left side and lay the iniquity of the house of Israel upon it according
of the house of Israel upon it according
of the house of Israel upon it according to the number of the days that you lie
to the number of the days that you lie
to the number of the days that you lie on it you shall bear their iniquity for
on it you shall bear their iniquity for
on it you shall bear their iniquity for I have laid on you the years of their
I have laid on you the years of their
I have laid on you the years of their iniquity according to the number of the
iniquity according to the number of the
iniquity according to the number of the days three hundred and ninety days so
days three hundred and ninety days so
days three hundred and ninety days so you shall bear the iniquity of the house
you shall bear the iniquity of the house
you shall bear the iniquity of the house of Israel
of Israel
of Israel and when you have completed them lie
and when you have completed them lie
and when you have completed them lie again on your right side then you shall
again on your right side then you shall
again on your right side then you shall bear the iniquity of the house of Judah
bear the iniquity of the house of Judah
bear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days I have laid on you a day for
forty days I have laid on you a day for
forty days I have laid on you a day for each year therefore you shall set your
each year therefore you shall set your
each year therefore you shall set your face toward the siege of Jerusalem your
face toward the siege of Jerusalem your
face toward the siege of Jerusalem your arms shall be uncovered and you shall
arms shall be uncovered and you shall
arms shall be uncovered and you shall prophesy against it
prophesy against it
prophesy against it and surely I will restrain you so that
and surely I will restrain you so that
and surely I will restrain you so that you cannot turn from one side to another
you cannot turn from one side to another
you cannot turn from one side to another till you have ended the days of your
till you have ended the days of your
till you have ended the days of your siege also take for yourself wheat
siege also take for yourself wheat
siege also take for yourself wheat barley beans lentils millet and spelt
barley beans lentils millet and spelt
barley beans lentils millet and spelt put them into one vessel and make bread
put them into one vessel and make bread
put them into one vessel and make bread of them for yourself during the number
of them for yourself during the number
of them for yourself during the number of days that you lie on your side three
of days that you lie on your side three
of days that you lie on your side three hundred and ninety days you shall eat it
hundred and ninety days you shall eat it
hundred and ninety days you shall eat it and your food which you shall eat shall
and your food which you shall eat shall
and your food which you shall eat shall be by weight twenty shekels a day from
be by weight twenty shekels a day from
be by weight twenty shekels a day from time to time you shall eat it you shall
time to time you shall eat it you shall
time to time you shall eat it you shall also drink water by measure one-sixth of
also drink water by measure one-sixth of
also drink water by measure one-sixth of a hint from time to time you shall drink
a hint from time to time you shall drink
a hint from time to time you shall drink and you shall eat it as Bali cakes and
and you shall eat it as Bali cakes and
and you shall eat it as Bali cakes and bake it using fuel of human waste in
bake it using fuel of human waste in
bake it using fuel of human waste in their site so shall the children of
their site so shall the children of
their site so shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the
Israel eat their defiled bread among the
Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles where I will drive them Lord
Gentiles where I will drive them Lord
Gentiles where I will drive them Lord God indeed I have never defiled myself
God indeed I have never defiled myself
God indeed I have never defiled myself from my youth till now I have never
from my youth till now I have never
from my youth till now I have never eaten what died of itself or was torn by
eaten what died of itself or was torn by
eaten what died of itself or was torn by beasts nor has a Bominable flesh ever
beasts nor has a Bominable flesh ever
beasts nor has a Bominable flesh ever come into my mouth see I am giving you
come into my mouth see I am giving you
come into my mouth see I am giving you cow dung instead of human waste and you
cow dung instead of human waste and you
cow dung instead of human waste and you shall prepare your bread over it
shall prepare your bread over it
shall prepare your bread over it son of man surely I will cut off the
son of man surely I will cut off the
son of man surely I will cut off the supply of bread in Jerusalem they shall
supply of bread in Jerusalem they shall
supply of bread in Jerusalem they shall eat bread by weight and with anxiety and
eat bread by weight and with anxiety and
eat bread by weight and with anxiety and shall drink water by measure and with
shall drink water by measure and with
shall drink water by measure and with dread that they may lack bread and water
dread that they may lack bread and water
dread that they may lack bread and water and be dismayed with one another and
and be dismayed with one another and
and be dismayed with one another and waste away because of their iniquity